Document rolling back by version tag rather than SHA hash (#4771)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/kubernetes/manage-app/roll-back-app/index.html.md

    There are multiple ways to do this. For example, if you are using the GitHub user interface:
    - go to your app's repo
    - go to __Releases__ > __Tags__ and make a note of the tag of the version you intend to deploy, for example `v234`

1. Go to the [`image-tags` folder in the `govuk-helm-charts` repo](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-helm-charts/tree/main/charts/app-config/image-tags) and find the file for your application in the appropriate environment(s).

> 1. Replace the contents of the image tag attribute with the tag version you made a note of in step 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the image tag with the tag version you made a note of in step 1.
```
